Your Majesty is unfaithful to such a disloyal person
Wudang dismissal investigation
To death row
exhaustion effect
What the slave family said is very true
If you don't send your daughter to the palace
I will send you to death row
The whole family beheaded
Haojun Laojun
right from wrong
Faithful rape upside down
Harm the virtuous
Why are you still
Drag me down
Beat me blind
Haojun Haojun
Hit the top ten boards, the top ten boards
Hey prime minister
I stand today
Then these beautiful girls
How about giving it to all the love ministers?
Those pretty girls?
But they were all carefully selected by the prime minister
If you don't accept
I'm just scolding the prime minister for having a bad eye
Hit the prime minister in the face
Don't give face to the prime minister
Thank you Your Majesty Thank you Prime Minister
Thank you your majesty
Thank you Prime Minister
The king is ignorant
Straying minister
Win the country
This
Incompetent father
I can only marry you to that stupid king
Fathers don't have to blame themselves
If you want to blame it, blame the fool
For you, for starting a family
The daughter is willing to enter the palace
string
Sorry for the pain.
Don't worry, father.
Daughters will protect themselves